repeating events feature:
 - continue manual testing things
 - change how input is processed - "in 30 days" is not highlighted. keep date and time as string and not index + parse regex with DATE/TIME regexes and replaces
 - dont show period in general and future
 - add identification in input line. syntax: 'int[0-9]+'
 - change all namings to periodic/period

client: add better visualization for new entry (either show the entry fly to its place or highlight the entire section/line when entering)
client: add better visualization when moving an entry (either drag the entry as a whole and insert it to place properly or fly in from origin to destination or something..)
client: make cursor pointer on time, date and trashcan icons
client: in today section, dragging up does not work, dragging to same one does something...
client: add a bit of space between date and time icons and between interval and trashcan
client: remove date and periodic icons in generic entries
client: make savings to server more efficient (accumulate requests)
client bug: edit date on an entry and set a passed date. you get 2.2.22 set
client: add border around each entry (this requires to finding a proper solution for the draggable spaces)
client: when editing time/date the row gets more    t and everything below that row moves. this is ugly and not smooth.
client: when selecting the the input text, things look weird
client: when entering a very long entry, it goes down a line in a weird way
deployment: add automation for cert renewal on server
deployment: make server a service
server: add backup of entries every day at same hour. keep backwards 3 months.
mobile: add clickable links
server: make API responses more accurate (status and message)
client: show the error from server's responses
client: add ability to see previous server logs
client: add UI option to set how far back logs/backups are saved
mobile: optimize load speed and swipe reaction speed
server + clients: improve client authentication - not send creds on every request?
server: add brute force protection for authentication (per user and per ip)
feature: notifications for entries (through app? google calendar?)
client: add undo for web app
feature: host an example calendar on the server?
feature: consider serving the website and not locally -> add login and registration